add quickstart doc for porter configuration file (#2038)
getporter/porter: docs/content/quickstart/configurations.md

This QuickStart walks you through how to set up and utilize the configuration
file to achieve some common tasks.

## Create configuration file

First, let's create the configuration file. 

In your PORTER_HOME directory, by default ~/.porter/, create a file with name
config.yaml.
```yaml
touch ~/.porter/config.yaml
```

## Define default global namespace for bundles

Instead of explicitly setting namespace for multiple bundles one by one, we can define a global default namespace
in the configuration file like so:
```yaml
namespace = "dev"
```

## Enable debug logs by default

Sometimes during development or debugging, it's helpful to get debug level logs
until we have found the answer. You can deine debug log level in porter's configuration
file like below to turn on debug logging as the default behavior:
```yaml
debug = true
```

## Work with bundle that contains sensitive data

By default, porter does not persist sensitive data defined by users. It will
return an error if a sensitive data is detected during a bundle execution. To
try out porter with bundles that contain sensitive data, copy and paste below code into the
configuration file:
```yaml

> default-secrets-plugin = "filesystem"

Author: Should be fixed

```

> This will enable the filesystem secret plugin to store any sensitive parameters

Reviewer: nit: In general, it helps to  avoid more complicated English verb tenses (will enable) in documentation and use simpler tenses that are friendlier to non-native english speakers.

```suggestion
This enables the filesystem secret plugin to store any sensitive parameters
```

provided by users, or sensitive outputs generated by bundles.

> However, this plugin should not be used in production environment since data
> will be stored as plain text in the local filesystem. Please use [azure-keyvault](/plugins/azure#secrets)
> or [hashicorp-vault](/plugins/hashicorp/#plugin-configuration) plugins for production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The filesystem secrets plugin should not be used in production since data
is stored as plain text in Porter's home directory. Please use either the [azure-keyvault](/plugins/azure#secrets)
or [hashicorp-vault](/plugins/hashicorp/#plugin-configuration) plugin in production.
```

## Next Steps

In this QuickStart you learned how to configure Porter to define global default
value for bundles and porter itself. You also learned how to work with bundles

> that contains sensitive data

Author: Oops, fixed it
